Unable to restart foundationdb after fdbmonitor has died #3838 (#3841)
apple/foundationdb: documentation/sphinx/source/configuration.rst

* ``restart_delay``: The maximum number of seconds (subject to jitter) that fdbmonitor will delay before restarting a failed process.
* ``initial_restart_delay``: The number of seconds ``fdbmonitor`` waits to restart a process the first time it dies. Defaults to 0 (i.e. the process gets restarted immediately). 
* ``restart_backoff``: Controls how quickly ``fdbmonitor`` backs off when a process dies repeatedly. The previous delay (or 1, if the previous delay is 0) is multiplied by ``restart_backoff`` to get the next delay, maxing out at the value of ``restart_delay``. Defaults to the value of ``restart_delay``, meaning that the second and subsequent failures will all delay ``restart_delay`` between restarts.
* ``restart_delay_reset_interval``: The number of seconds a process must be running before resetting the backoff back to the value of ``initial_restart_delay``. Defaults to the value of ``restart_delay``.

>  These ``restart_`` parameters are not applicable to the ``fdbmonitor`` process itself. See :ref:`Configuring autorestart of fdbmonitor <configuration-restart-fdbmonitor>` for details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 These ``restart_`` parameters are not applicable to the ``fdbmonitor`` process itself. See :ref:`Configuring autorestart of fdbmonitor <configuration-restart-fdbmonitor>` for details.
```

These sections run and configure the backup agent process used for :doc:`point-in-time backups <backups>` of FoundationDB. These don't usually need to be modified. The structure and functionality is similar to the ``[fdbserver]`` and ``[fdbserver.<ID>]`` sections.

.. _configuration-restart-fdbmonitor

Configuring autorestart of fdbmonitor
=====================================

Configuring the restart parameters for ``fdbmonitor`` is operating system-specific.

> In Linux

Reviewer: If this only applies to our RPM package, we might want to change the header here to be more specific. For example:

```suggestion
Linux (RHEL/CentOS)
```

> --------

Reviewer: With the above change, we'd also need:

```suggestion
-------------------
```

>  ``systemd`` controls the ``foundationdb`` service. When ``fdbmonitor`` is killed unexpectedly, by default, systemd restarts it in 60 seconds. For addusting this value you have to create file ``/etc/systemd/system/foundationdb.service.d/override.conf`` with the overriding values. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ``systemd`` controls the ``foundationdb`` service. When ``fdbmonitor`` is killed unexpectedly, by default, systemd restarts it in 60 seconds. To adjust this value you have to create a file ``/etc/systemd/system/foundationdb.service.d/override.conf`` with the overriding values. For example:
```

.. code-block:: ini

>     [Service]

Reviewer: Looks like this might also require a newline

```suggestion

        [Service]
```

    RestartSec=20s

> For disabling auto-restart of ``fdbmonitor`` you have to put ``Restart=no`` to the same section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable auto-restart of ``fdbmonitor``, put ``Restart=no`` in the same section.
```
